I hate all this pain.
I wish you would eat me
so I wouldn't feel it anymore.
There might be
no guarantee, but...
I have a reason.
It's simple, though.
Because I love you.
We have to accept the fact
that you're a wolf and I'm a rabbit,
and that will never change.
We're not meant
to be together!
I won't be reckless anymore,
because now
you're by my side.
I can become stronger.
Society and my instinct
won't crush me.
I want to make you happy,
and for that...
I'll be stronger.
I'll wait for you.
I want you two to be happy.
If you give in to fear,
you'll never know the other person.
Since death
is always around the corner,
I choose to believe in love.
We live in a world
where miracles
happen all the time, right?
I'll definitely marry you, Haru.
But before I do,
I will catch Melon.
I desire...
to devour her immediately.